README:

1. What is this purpose of this Git repository? (duh!)

The purpose of this Git repository is to display the various projects completed in Comp 20. Some of the topics that were touched on while completing the assignments are: Client-side programming (HTML, CSS, Javascript) as well as Server-side programming (Node.js, Express, MongoDB and web security).

2. What was your favorite lab or assignment and why?

My favorite assignment was the mbta assignment. It was my first experience using and integrating Web APIs and it was a relatively steep learning curve. Having gone through the assignment, I feel much more confident in my web programming skills and i feel that I can successfully integrate different Web APIs to build a working program.

3. How much do you think you have grown from day 1 of this course to now?

I've definitely grown a lot since day 1 of this course. Coming into the course, I had rudimentary knowledge of how the internet works and I think that Comp 20 has successfully provided me with a bigger picture understanding. Although there remains questions and many areas to dive into, I feel that I've been equipped with the necessary skills to start learning and applying new concepts by myself now.

4. What was the most important thing that you learned in this course? Cite two examples as evidence.

The most important takeaway from the course is really project-management skills. There were times where quizzes, labs and assignments were all due and it was necessary to develop time-allocation skills in order to make sure everything was balanced. Good examples were assignments 2 (mbta) and 3 (2048). These were generally longer assignments where the implementation of the code was more tedious and involved a lot more edge cases. Simply understanding the theory behind it was not enough and I found that I had to allocate a lot more time to iron out bugs. These are necessary skills needed in developing good and stable software. 

5. Now that you have finished the course, what topic would you like to delve deeper into?

I'd like to dive a bit deeper into Server-side programming. Our group project (implementation of a music-streaming/editing web app) gave me the opportunity to dive deeper into programming servers that would allow continous streaming. I would love to continue on this route and perhaps look deeper into cloud and parallel computing!